Are they all moving British ninjas?
They should all be sent by Ouyang Tomb
Why are you afraid?
I only remember the names of two Dongying ninjas
One is Jiro Noda
One is Tenbujiro
If I'm right
You should be the daughter of Tianbujiro
God of Gods Girl
Yes, I am the one who buried Cai Cai
This Ouyang Tomb asked you to come and catch me
No comment
You just need
To atone for the sneak attack on my father
The sneak attack seems to be another one by Ouyang Tomb
Fool the role of a gunman
Miss Guaizi
I did kill your father
But I didn't sneak up on him.
fart
My father would never be defeated by someone like you
There's only one reason he lost to you
So you attacked him?
If my wounds hadn't healed
He was confronted.
I have conquered you long ago
Sister Cai Cai Ziqiao
According to the tradition of your Dongying people
Opposition of the strong
Life and death cannot be traced back
The news said
The god of ninjas perished with Long Shuai
Why are you looking for Liao Fan?
Ah yes, Long Shuai killed it
What does it have to do with me and Liao Fan?
I will not engage in pointless arguments with you
Liangfan, what's your problem?
When you can reincarnate, ask the Kizo King's Department
I didn't work hard to see the bid for you.